---
layout: post
title: Daily Thoughts 12/27
---

Not enough time to just sit back and relax, this break from real work has been hard to also get time for things like this.  Just to sit down and write something.  I look at my desk and realize that I have too many computers.  Not enough structure for them. 

# Current machines...

1. Windows machine with WSL
 * WSL is great for doing linux stuff.  It's almost like using linux for 'real', still seems like the edges are a little creaky though.
1. Linux Laptop dual booting into windows
 * I've been using this more and more and I love just using Ubuntu raw now.  If it had full driver support for games I'd never boot into windows.
   Recently I booted into Windows after like six months without booting into it and the update took hours.  It was over 2 hours later before I
   has ALL the software (Steam/Windows updates) installed and rebooted.
1. iMac
 * This is still not on Catalina and I don't use this one much.  It's fine but after moving to doing all of my dayjob on the cloud and switching back to using vi for writing code I just don't have the need to use a Mac so much anymore.  I never got into using xCode for a workflow and really that's the only reason I have for developing code there.  I've tried to use Final Cut a few times since I'm lucky enough to have a license to it but my video editing needs are small.  Though editing on linux was a PITA so I think if I do need to do any edits I'll be doing it here.
1. iPad Pro
 * This I've tried to use as a primary MOBILE computing platform.  To some success.  Apple has done a good job in the latest iOS releases to make this more enjoyable and possible to use for everything.  I've yet to find a good ssh client that works well. You need an external keyboard to do real typing.  The smart keyboard is really good but I'm definitly not used to it for using VI in the ssh client at all.
1. Chromebook Pro from Samsung
 * I bought this a few years ago now and was really hoping that it would get the linux support from ChromeOS.  It's fine, plenty speedy for normal web pages and stuff but the touch on this is terrible.  The iPad Pro which has a comparable processor FEELS faster even though I don't think it's actually much faster at all.  Too much web framework overhead?  I dunno.
1. Random small form factor machines.
 1. Raspberry Pi 3/4
 1. RockPi
 1. nVidia Jetson Nano
 1. Tinkerbox

The small form factor machines I like to buy, setup and then play with a bit before losing interest.  They are all neat and have a bunch of potential but dealing with all the different versions of linux is kinda a pain.  I actually have a number of Pi3s which I wanted to use to build a kubernetes cluster but haven't yet.





