---
layout: post
title: Machines part 2
---


So still in lockdown even though most of the world is not.  That conversation will happen 
another time though. Today, I was going to focus on my future setup.

# More machine crap

1. Windows machine with WSL
 * I'm just not happy with WSL so I'm going to keep this as a games machine and general windows do all box.  Windows still has some software and more importantly printer drivers that keep it useful.  In general windows is fine but with the release of the newest Ubuntu LTS, I'm super happy with my laptop.
1. Linux Laptop on Ubuntu LTS 20.04
 * Super happy with this release so far, it upgraded seamlessly which is the first time I think that's ever happened for me with linux.  Usually I always have to tweak something or another.  Right now I think that I need to reinstall a folding at home control deb but that's about it.
1. iMac
 * I'm selling this one as I don't have space for it on my desk and more importantly I'm just not going to be writing any software on it.
1. iPad Pro
 * So I went and got a new 12" iPad pro, and am using that and my previous iPad Pro 10".  With the Magic Keyboard it's basically a laptop replacement for when I can ssh into other machines.  It does basically everything that a 'real' computer can do but in a tablet package. Good job Apple.
1. Raspberry Pi 4
 * One of these is now my fileserver for the other PIs and my [pihole](http://pi-hole.net).  Can't say enough good things about pihole software.  It works, has great metrics and I can easily block ads from my iDevices without any setup.
1. FreeNAS Server
 * Still need to setup this again after the move to the spare bedroom/office.  I have ethernet but no power setup there.  Probably also need to get a new battery backup as my previous one seems to have died. 

# Projects

So many project ideas so little time, I'm low on time for this session but I will start to write these down.
