---
layout: post
title: RDR2 Mini Review
---


RDR2 is both a good game and overrated.  
The control is always trying to screw you over. 
I hate how it feels like you're always pushing the wrong button.  
I always end up shooting a guy instead of trying to defuse the situation.
Or running into the in game characters and how that sometimes is ok but then they get really pissed off and you have to run for your life cause of one little controller malfunction.
I think hunting is the most fun part of the game.
Fishing is horrible, so boring and you can't even really see the fish or know if your bait is going to work until you waste minutes of real time waiting.
The story is ok but I don't see why it needs to be finished.
It's not really saying much. 
I already know that Arthur dies at the end but since I have no real attachment to him because he's basically a vessel character.
Designed to have no real stake in the world and be a very PG-13 level of interaction.
Strange to say that because it's super violent but what seems to elevate the 'adult-ness' of games these days is if they let you have sex with another character or not.
RDR2 does not AFAICT.
Which is basically the only thing preventing it from being a WestWorld simulator.

One really amazing thing is that I'm running it on a super powerful desktop, with a nVidia 2070-RTX video card and to do simple things like sleep takes like 30-40% of the system CPU.  I was running it with the system task manager on and it just sucks the CPU down no matter what the game is doing.  Even for simple scenes where nothing is happening onscreen it's using tons of CPU.  




